Described KM error (#113)
Haivision/srt-rfc: draft-sharabayko-srt.md

to be used to encrypt and decrypt the payload of the stream.

The extension can be supplied with the Handshake Extension Type field set
to either SRT_CMD_KMREQ or SRT_CMD_KMRSP (see {{handshake-ext-type}} in {{ctrl-pkt-handshake}}).
For more details refer to {{handshake-messages}}.

The KM message is placed in the Extension Contents. See {{sec-ctrlpkt-km}} for the structure of the KM message.

> In case of the SRT_CMD_KMRSP the Extension Length value can be equal to 1 (meaning 4 bytes).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In case of SRT_CMD_KMRSP the Extension Length value can be equal to 1 (meaning 4 bytes).
```

It is an indication of encryption failure. In this case the Extension Content has a different format, {{fig-hsext-kmerror}}.

~~~
 0                   1                   2                   3
 0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 0 1
+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+
|                           KM State                            |
+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+
~~~
{: #fig-hsext-kmerror title="KM Response Error"}

KM State: 32 bits.
: Key Material State of the peer:

> - 0: unsecured (the peer will encrypt the payload, while the agent has not declared any encryption),
> - 3: no secret (the peer does not have a key to decrypt the incoming payload),
> - 4: bad secret (the peer has a wrong key and can't decrypt the incoming payload),
> - 5: bad crypto mode (the peer expects to use a different cryptographic mode). Since protocol v1.6.
> 
> Here "peer" indicates the remove SRT side sending the KM response, and "agent" means the local side interpreting the KM response.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: In the descriptions below, "peer" refers to the remote SRT side sending the KM response, and "agent" refers to the local side interpreting the KM response.

- 0: unsecured (the peer will encrypt the payload, while the agent has not declared any encryption),
- 3: no secret (the peer does not have the key to decrypt the incoming payload),
- 4: bad secret (the peer has the wrong key and can't decrypt the incoming payload),
- 5: bad crypto mode (the peer expects to use a different cryptographic mode). Since protocol v1.6.

```
